Test start
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 47468 milliseconds = 47.468 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 55750 milliseconds = 55.75 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 55360 milliseconds = 55.36 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 66047 milliseconds = 66.047 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 70485 milliseconds = 70.485 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 60016 milliseconds = 60.016 sec


cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 89985 milliseconds = 89.985 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 92594 milliseconds = 92.594 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 149156 milliseconds = 149.156 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 148219 milliseconds = 148.219 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 149281 milliseconds = 149.281 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 137218 milliseconds = 137.218 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 166609 milliseconds = 166.609 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 158219 milliseconds = 158.219 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 292281 milliseconds = 292.281 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 61735 milliseconds = 61.735 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 65063 milliseconds = 65.063 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 59625 milliseconds = 59.625 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 59875 milliseconds = 59.875 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 64563 milliseconds = 64.563 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 60594 milliseconds = 60.594 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 63188 milliseconds = 63.188 sec
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 35891 milliseconds = 35.891 sec


cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 106797 milliseconds = 106.797 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 116750 milliseconds = 116.75 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 108953 milliseconds = 108.953 sec



cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 165047 milliseconds = 165.047 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 54234 milliseconds = 54.234 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 152110 milliseconds = 152.11 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 133109 milliseconds = 133.109 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 168032 milliseconds = 168.032 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 113000 milliseconds = 113 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 0 milliseconds = 0 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 0 milliseconds = 0 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 0 milliseconds = 0 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 0 milliseconds = 0 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG took 126391 milliseconds = 126.391 sec

cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
cvCreateFileCapture_FFMPEG is lasting too long...Terminated.
